README.md, before:

# 3d-shooter-game
A 3D shooter game made with Godot 4.4.1

# Learning Resources and Licenses
Create Main Menu - https://youtu.be/zHYkcJyE52g?si=TXgk1HYXNu5gEw-o
Image for the background for the main menu - https://htmlcolorcodes.com/assets/images/colors/turquoise-color-solid-background-1920x1080.png
3D Game Tutorial - https://youtu.be/NJJNWGD25rg?si=6rQcn0gIzrJZ22a6
Link for the UAV drone - "UAV Gerbera [Low-Poly]" (https://skfb.ly/pxAZs) by Vlarder1 is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
First 3D Game Tutorial - https://docs.godotengine.org/en/stable/getting_started/first_3d_game/index.html
toy gun - https://www.gdquest.com/library/first_3d_game_godot4_arena_fps/#download-files

# Rules for the game

To run the game you must click on 3D Shooter Game.zip and download it. From there, you must then click on 3D Shooter Game.

There is a main menu screen where the player can choose normal, master and exit. Master mode is harder than normal. The player is able to move the mouse left and right and up and down. The intention is to move the mouse and shoot the gun at the mobs. But I unfortunately didn't get that to work. If the player want to see the mouse cursor, the player can
press espace can use the cursor to exit the game.

# Constraints
This only runs on Windows and also if you already instead .NET to run C#.

Commit message:

Update README with project file instructions
Added instructions for handling project.godot file.

README.md, after:

# 3d-shooter-game
A 3D shooter game made with Godot 4.4.1

# Learning Resources and Licenses
Create Main Menu - https://youtu.be/zHYkcJyE52g?si=TXgk1HYXNu5gEw-o
Image for the background for the main menu - https://htmlcolorcodes.com/assets/images/colors/turquoise-color-solid-background-1920x1080.png
3D Game Tutorial - https://youtu.be/NJJNWGD25rg?si=6rQcn0gIzrJZ22a6
Link for the UAV drone - "UAV Gerbera [Low-Poly]" (https://skfb.ly/pxAZs) by Vlarder1 is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
First 3D Game Tutorial - https://docs.godotengine.org/en/stable/getting_started/first_3d_game/index.html
toy gun - https://www.gdquest.com/library/first_3d_game_godot4_arena_fps/#download-files

# Rules for the game

To run the game you must click on 3D Shooter Game.zip and download it. From there, you must then click on 3D Shooter Game.
Before you extract the file, you must bring the project.godot file and drag it into the zip file.

There is a main menu screen where the player can choose normal, master and exit. Master mode is harder than normal. The player is able to move the mouse left and right and up and down. The intention is to move the mouse and shoot the gun at the mobs. But I unfortunately didn't get that to work. If the player want to see the mouse cursor, the player can
press espace can use the cursor to exit the game.

# Constraints
This only runs on Windows and also if you already instead .NET to run C#.
